.\" Manpage for redux-genie.
.\" Contact iamjoncannon@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH redux-genie 1 "11 April 2019" "1.0" "redux-genie"

.SH NAME
redux-genie \- generate and manage redux boilerplate

.SH SYNOPSIS
genie generate, genie connect, genie update, genie add, genie sample, genie list

.SH DESCRIPTION
Redux Genie isn't a "starter kit" or a library of helper methods. It actually writes your Redux boilerplate code, either creating new files or injecting code into an existing store files. This makes the writing process easier to start, easier to manage as you progress, and less error-prone, without abstracting over the functionality of Redux itself.

.SH METHODS
.B genie generate
.RS
Generate a new store. Requires lamp.config.yml file in the project root directory.
.RE

.B genie connect
.RS
Connects a React component to the store via the React-Redux library. 


Must define the path to the component to be converted, the name of the component, and the models/domains to connect:

genie connect app/components/ExampleThree.js ExampleThree -m DucklingTerminator

Can connect multiple models/domains at one time: 

genie connect app/components/ExampleThree.js ExampleThree -m DucklingTerminator -m Velociraptor -m Replicant

.RE

.PP
.B genie update
.RS
Call after making changes to the lamp.config. The genie will diff the new yml config to previous version and generate required code injections.
.RE

.PP
.B genie add
.RS
Add to the store directly from the command line.

Add a new model:
  genie add --newmodel Terminator
  genie add -M Terminator

Add actions in new model call:
  genie add --newmodel Terminator -a getIsBack -a killJohnConnor 
  genie add --newmodel Terminator -a getIsBack --noCRUD

Add an action to specific model:
  genie add --action getIsBack -model Terminator 
  genie add -a getIsBack -m Terminator

Add a thunk to a specific model:
  genie add --thunk countDux --model Dux
  genie add -t countDux -m Dux
.RE

.PP
.B genie sample
.RS
Outputs a blank lamp.config.yml file.
.RE


.PP
.B genie list
.RS
Prints the store file structure


Print the actions or thunks defined for specific model:
  genie list <actions or thunks> -m <model name>
  genie list actions -m DucklingTerminator
.RE



.SH SEE ALSO
react, redux, mighty ducks 

.SH BUGS
https://github.com/lovely-libras/redux-genie

.SH AUTHORS
Team Redux Genie: 
.PP
Jon Cannon (http://www.joncannon.codes)
.PP
Gregory Ardison-Gardner (https://www.linkedin.com/in/ardison-gardner/)
.PP
Amy Kim (https://www.linkedin.com/in/amyarimkim/)
.PP
Nick Peresguloff (https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicholas-pereslugoff/)

.SH STAY FROSTY